What are the matches and the results of each player?
What is the playing style of a player?
What kind of strokes is worth adjusting most?
What is the effect of an adjustment strategy?
How does a tactical adjustment influence the strokes and tactics?
Examine the relationship between the adjusted stroke and the former strokes.
How do game situations evolve over time?
What is the frequency of formation pairs?
What is the statistical difference between two teams formations?
How do formations of a team change over time?
What is the effect of a formation change?
What is the reason for a formation change?
How does a player perform in particular formations?
How do the scores evolve over time through a match?
How can analysts navigate into key rallies on the match timeline?
How can analysts explore the transformations of strokes within rallies?
How do stroke attributes intra-relate within a stroke?
How do stroke attributes inter-relate between adjacent strokes?
How do the timeline and statistics relate to each other?
What are the frequent patterns of tactics?
What are the scoring rates of tactics?
Depict the win-lose situation of the entire season.
Identify the change in score difference.
Identify how an intensive period or a turning point proceeds.
Evaluate the contribution of a player.
Select specific plays or players.
Examine the state of the players and ball at the sampled timestamps.
Examine a hitter's batting average in day versus night games
Filtering across gameplay data by allowing users to select events based on a variety of criteria.
Who is the  most effective shooter in the NBA in 2010-2011 season?
Describe the distribution of phenomena in space.
Compare spatial relationships amongst various phenomena.
who is the best shooter in the NBA?
What criteria separate good shooters from bad shooters?
The computation of new player statistics, such as route efficiency or lead distance.
Capture all actions performed on the playing field.
Filter the location data merging the game events.
The system performs a substantial amount of error checking.
Recognize different moments that occurred during the progress of the match, such as sequences of shots made by any team.
Show the point difference (default view, red and blue tones) or to depict the type of play.
Filtering options can be applied both for teams and players.
How players move in the baseball field throughout time.
The ordering of events by time.
Highlight relevant events in the play.
Find the exact position of a player.
Analyse the relationship among the actions of the players through time
Plot the average position of players.
Specify time intervals of particular interest.
Compares the actual positions of the players on the field to the ones they were supposed to assume in the theoretical position.
When the team should play more on the defense side instead of making scoring goals a priority?
Mapping categorical variables to colors and dividing by categories into separate views.
Data can be filtered in the lower half of the system through a series of interactions.
Highlight shot location and secondarily the shot/goal, home/away.
Highlight patterns of shot location density.
Visualizes the distance of shots.
Identify player patterns that need to be modified.
Identify potential shots a player needs to work on.
Present point information, such as service information, good or bad shots, and point outcome types.
Present the point outcomes within the context of the score where they occur.
Identify points in a match that may lead to insights.
Show the player rounds distribution.
Show the action type in his participant round.
Show a player's action relations (cooperation or confrontation)
Show the match score, team status.
Show changes in scores.
Show the length of each phrase.
Show the technical details of the selected tactics.
Show how the tactics of both fencers are used in the entire bout.
Conduct exploratory pattern discovery and result communication.
Providing at-a-glance stats information.
The table can be sorted by clicking the header for each statistic type.
Show all the home teams shots (and type) over time.
Detect and quantify these pressure relationships based on the relative positions of the players, the ball, and the defended goal. 
See the pressure distribution over space and time.
Selection of potentially interesting game.
Show the matches results (win, loss, draw), amount of goals of each team, and the difference of goals pro the winner team.
Those names can be sorted by varied criteria selected by the user as for an example descendent order of points and amount of goals among others.
Show the relationship between the attributes values used as sorting criteria
Show the evolution of the behavior of both teams.
Reveal global patterns in the match.
Individual and team evolution for different directions.
Visualize the evolution of the tactical formation
Show the trajectories of players in given parts of the match and regions of the pitch
Comparative analysis of player's trajectories to identify marking patterns.
Filter the data to narrow the analysis in main events.
Review an individual goalkeeper on a given team for a specific game.
The comparison of two goalkeepers of different teams for same or different games.
Show different goalkeeper-specific characteristics.
Review a given player on a given team.
How many times a player fails with either their feet or torso for a respective category. 
Outliers need to be reflected in the abstraction.
Computing the abstracted visualization.
Searching a specific movement situation that happened at a specific time.
Relate a  set of similar movements.
Identify how many attacks have been performed via the left hand.
What is the relationship between the actions and scores?
What did each player actually do?
Where did this action take place?
What was the action's relation to well-defined landmarks?
Discover the shot distributions of players
Compare player shot distributions against the league, and against their position.
Compare player shooting performances against each opponent team.
Discover the shot distributions of the entire league, of each position, and of each team.
Where was a player in the court at a given moment?
How this position relates to the rest of the players?
Filter out events.
Compute and represent areas and distances.
Compute and represent kinematic variables.
Compare players and teams.