intuitively classify patterns and find promising ones on the basis of their spatial structures .
obtain a clear summary of each propagation pattern in terms of their spatial and temporal .
establish how the pollutants are transported between districts in a specific pattern .
find the similarities or differences between patterns .
how frequently did the relevant pollution events occur ?
did the pollution become severe over time ?
displaying the raw samples with numeric readings .
present spatial rankings.
comprehend the spatial distribution of the alternatives .
in which area do the alternatives tend to have higher rankings ?
how  are  the  spatial rankings computed from the criteria ?
are two criteria spatially correlated ?
which area is dominated by a criterion ?
unfold  the  cause  of  spatial  rankings .
how can numerous alternatives and their rankings be preceived spatially ?
support flexible spatial filtering .
enable comparative analysis of spatial rankings .
sort the alternatives based on the rankings generated from one or more criteria .
compute the reachability for each activity .
generate a list of candidates that match the specified constraints .
explore  computed  reachability  visually .
refine reachability constraints iteratively .
filter candidates 
rank candidates
classify the ways to visually integrate physical and abstract data into three categories
choose the best view under certain circumstances .
consider visual geometry and spatial distribution of the 2D and 3D visualizations .
how are the target trajectories distributed across the city ?
what is the difference between weekday and weekend ?
how many billboards should be placed in the target areas ?
where are the optimal locations ?
access the detailed information of a location, such as its cost, neighboring environment, traffic volume, speed, and OD
how good is a billboard location ?
know the performance indicators of the selected solution such as reach, traffic volume, traffic speed, and cost .
provide the geospatial distribution of billboards
how effective is a billboard solution
what are the differences and similarities among multiple candidate solutions ?
how many groups of candidate solutions exist ?
how these groups differentiate from each other ?
what is the ranking of multiple solutions ?
which ones are optimal ?
display the latent patterns on multiple dimensions .
analyzing the similarities and differences across different data partitions / clusters .
visualize the deviation of the raw data from the extracted patterns .
support steerable data partitioning / clustering .
support tracking and provenance of partition history .
extract all relevant events and see the locations and times of their occurrence .
see the times of event occurrence at this location and the spatial patterns of other events .
for a chosen target location, find other locations where events frequently occur simultaneously or with a specific time difference to the events at the target location .
for a chosen pair of locations, see the cases when the specified temporal relationships between events occurrences at these locations do and do not take place .
find co-occurrence patterns involving the same or opposite kinds of events for different target locations and temporal relations .
see the overall distribution of the extracted relevant events over space and time .
impute missing data in different locations under a unified framework .
discover the area with high population density or mobility .
how can the analyst disclose the correlation between social relations and the physical movements of the crowd ?
how to enable the analyst to be better informed of the flow patterns among cell towers in a city, including the flow volume and the temporal patterns ?
explore and analyze traffic patterns from historical data over different periods of time and in different parts of the city .
exploring how traffic speeds vary throughout a city during different times over different days .
studying the flow of traffic along various streets of the city .
compute plausible routes for trips .
identifying paths whose lengths are closest to the actual distance of a given trip .
observe the  speed distribution of the traffic .
observe the traffic speeds .
computing flow lines depending on the aspect of the traffic the user wants to visualize .
filter the flow lines based on average speed of them .
get a global view of the general trend in Manhattan's traffic on Fridays .
compute the traffic function .
identifying the variation in speeds between north-bound and south-bound traffic between Upper Manhattan and Lower Manhattan .
how the speeds vary, and how they effect the flow .
compute the importance of city roads at user desired spatial and temporal scales .
users can easily identify interesting patterns .
select and compare multiple regions of interest .
compute the graph centralities .
understand how traffic condition changes .
how these traffic jams are related, and how they propagate from one location to another .
show all critical information of the traffic jams, including location, time, propagation path, size of the propagation, and the road speed .
analyze the traffic jam propagation among different road segments, and to compare different propagations .
filter traffic jams according to spatial, temporal properties, and size of propagation .
real-time predictive analysis of near-future congestion conditions .
compute the severity of congestion on road
looks at the  daily-aggregated congestion conditions across the city .
find hourly congestion patterns .
check congestion conditions of each stream by using the stream filtering option .
find a stippled representation of the distribution of 2D data values .
establish a relation between the data that falls into the region of a stipple .
the extraction of contours from the mapped data .
distinguish density changes locally .
classify the OD flows into different communities .
perceive the semantic interactions of local flows .
calculate the effectiveness of different sampling strategies .
explore patterns of human mobility .
show the account of flows located in the focus area .
present the average magnitude of the flows .
filter out flows with smaller magnitude values or fewer interactions .
construct a compact correlation between the vectorized representations and corresponding OD flows
explore the geographical distribution of OD flows with close semantic relationship .
inspect individual data points within clusters .
splitting clusters characterized by mild features into more significant subclusters .
what features (dimensions) of the data points are important in determining a given clustering instance ?
how different choices of features or distance measures might affect the clustering ?
show a single clustering instance .
show the feature distribution .
inspect the average feature value of each cluster .
clusters are ordered from largest to smallest and display their member number and color right beneath each column .
the Data Table view supports automatic outlier detection .
the Data Table view supports selection .
the Data Table view supports filtering .
how single data points and feature distributions affect the current clustering ?
how to visually present the detailed attributes of taxi OD trips ?
how to visualize the relationship between each pair of urban areas or urban functions ?
explore the human mobility and activity patterns .
analyze the spatial distribution of Shenzhen city .
visualize the traffic volume changing over time
identify areas of different urban functions .
compute wavelets coefficients in each node of the Cartesian product graph .
classify  nodes in two adjacent time .
calculate free flow speed for each segment and then compute propagation probabilities among road segments .
study the empirical vehicle speed distribution of different road segments .
use the maximum of the rest observations to represent the free flow speed in a road .
are there topological network structures associated with trade that serve as potential indicators of future instability ?
visualize patterns detected from the networks .
visualize the possible relationships between the network and local instability .
employ time series anomaly detection method to find potential points of interest in the trade event time series .
extract and present reachable destinations B
present clear pathways/routes from A to B .
examine and compare the travel time and travel efficiency of the routes from A to B .
examine the mobility-related factors and their round-the-clock pattern .
use the set of minima and maxima to represent features (events) of the given data
compute the split tree of the scalar function f .
select events of interest to search for similar events .
capture the range of an event group .
get the number of events of the group that happen per time unit .
illustrates an event group distribution view consisting of 4event groups .
filter event groups based on the number of events constitution that group .
sort mobility by the value of a descriptor or the size .
filter and display the necessary patterns .
represent the flow of mobility over time .
display the corresponding information of a selected mobility pattern .
characterize the statistical distribution of each dimension of the selected mobility pattern .
indicate the interval of the overview .
what are the global patterns of the location ?
what is the mutual influence between urban location and its contextual trajectory ?
what is the relationship among locations ?
show the geographical distribution of locations cooperating with the features .
discover accessible urban regions from multiple starting locations at different time periods .
study the minimum and maximum access times to urban structures inside these regions .
what is the total length of the reachable street segments ?
how many education places are there in the biggest region ?
preserve the  Data  distribution .
presents an overview of the data from each dataset .
filters items with given conditions .
identify where traffic jams are most likely to occur .
find a specific person from the input data .